tape so write me like okay
where is he out there he is and he has
got such a great feel for getting to the
ball and there you know your
interposition he does everything the
right way you know a clean legal hit
Reggie Bush lines up as a tailback Reese
swings it out to Bush and an incomplete
pass and a crunching hip put on by
Sheldon Brown tip scheme by Jim Johnson
because he brought pressure but he still
had Sheldon grin on the flat to come and
put up a big hit Reggie Bush was
completely exposed
and maybe an early message by the
Philadelphia Eagles defense on the road
against the Saints
block we see this year
I'm having trouble absorbing that one
because that's a guy chasing a ball
carrier and he's very close to him
it's a place he's not
Michigan at the 41 what a head full
screen on the ground South Carolina
deserves to have it and they do feel
how about that quickness and get off
and he scooped her up with left hand
many guys I've ever seen can get off the
ball and rock
what a play
incentives touted as the best player